eduni/errata-2e/E34.xml Proper validation (only error)
eduni/errata-2e/E55.xml Proper validation (only error)
ibm/invalid/P32/ibm32i01.xml Standaloneness
ibm/invalid/P32/ibm32i03.xml Standaloneness
ibm/invalid/P32/ibm32i04.xml Standaloneness
ibm/invalid/P39/ibm39i03.xml Content model
ibm/invalid/P51/ibm51i03.xml Proper validation
oasis/p74pass1.xml Content model
oasis/p75pass1.xml Content model
sun/invalid/dtd01.xml Proper validation
sun/invalid/dtd03.xml Proper validation
sun/invalid/el03.xml Proper validation
sun/invalid/el05.xml Proper validation
sun/invalid/not-sa01.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa02.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa03.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa04.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa05.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa06.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa07.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa08.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa09.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa10.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa11.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa12.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa13.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/not-sa14.xml Standaloneness
sun/invalid/optional01.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional02.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional03.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional04.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional05.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional06.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional07.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional08.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional09.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional10.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional11.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional12.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional13.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional14.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional15.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional16.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional17.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional18.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional19.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional20.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional21.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional22.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional23.xml Content model
sun/invalid/optional24.xml Content model
sun/valid/optional.xml Content model
eduni/namespaces/1.1/006.xml Non-ASCII by reference 
eduni/xml-1.1/044.xml Non-ASCII by reference
eduni/xml-1.1/045.xml Non-ASCII by reference
xmltest/valid/sa/061.xml Non-ASCII by reference
xmltest/valid/sa/064.xml Non-ASCII by reference
xmltest/valid/sa/089.xml Non-ASCII by reference
sun/valid/pe00.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/valid/P66/ibm66v01.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P02/ibm02v02.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P02/ibm02v03.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P02/ibm02v04.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P02/ibm02v05.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v20.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v21.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v23.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v24.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v25.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v26.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v27.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v28.xml Non-ASCII by reference
ibm/xml-1.1/valid/P77/ibm77v29.xml Non-ASCII by reference
